chore(mongolid-v4): upgrade to mongolid v4 beta (#20)
leroy-merlin-br/mongolid-passport: docs/upgrade/upgrade-10.x-11.0.md

## Upgrading To 11.0 From 10.x

### Minimum PHP Version

PHP 7.3 is now the minimum required version.

### Minimum Laravel Version

Laravel 8.0 is now the minimum required version.

### Old Static Personal Client Methods Removed

Mongolid package was upgraded to version 4.x and bring with some breaking changes.

> We believe that this changes will impact the use of mongolid-passport package, so this upgrade is made to keep up with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We believe that this changes will not impact the use of mongolid-passport package, but, using this package along with mongolid will may bring the breaking changes to your project, for this reason we are bumpimp up the version.
```
